WIP: Move Issuer / ClusterIssuer content to a sub-folder of configuration/ (#1075)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/configuration/certificate-resources.md

---
title: Certificate Resources
description: |
    Learn about Certificate resources which represent a desired X.509 certificates which will be signed and renewed before they expire.
---

Learn about Certificate resources which represent a desired X.509 certificates which will be signed and renewed before they expire.

> The private key and signed certificate will be stored in a Secret which you can then mount in to a Pod or use in an Ingress resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private key and signed certificate will be stored in a Secret which you can then mount into a Pod or use in an Ingress resource.
```

## Overview

> In cert-manager, the [`Certificate`](../concepts/certificate.md) resource
> represents a human readable definition of a certificate request that is to be
> honored by an issuer which is to be kept up-to-date. This is the usual way that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cert-manager, the [`Certificate`](../concepts/certificate.md) resource
represents a human readable definition of a certificate request that is to be
honored by an issuer and which cert-manager will try to keep up-to-date. This is the usual way that
```
